Copyright (C) 2021 Machine Intelligence Group, IIT Roorkee, India. This software was developed by Puneet Kumar, Yukti Gupta, and Vedanti Khokher at Machine Intelligence Lab, IIT Roorkee, India. More details available at README.md.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted for non-commercial purposes and products alike, provided that the following conditions are met:
* Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files, to deal in the Software without restriction, for non-commercial purposes, including use, copy, modify, merge, publish and re-distribute.
* The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
* Neither the names of the Machine Intelligence (M.I.) Lab, Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Roorkee, nor the names of any of the software contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE OWNER AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
